oh shit what am i suppose Oh No look why
do they enter here no I died alrighty
people how's it going we're here to play
on a server I made a game and they are a
lot of people and I'm in love okay
anyways we're gonna be playing dragon
dragon escape whatever that is I do not
know what that is we're gonna play it
and we're gonna win like every other
mini game ok jumper these guys cost
money money which I do not have any ways
we're playing on the mineplex dot-com
server I do not know what kind of server
that is I just joined I do not know what
I'm gonna play dragon escape I'm just
going fully blind it's gonna start in 40
seconds so uh yeah i'll see you guys
there blue okay people we are signing
three second step let's own it up are
you guys ready please notice the fuck
what the fuck douglas the dragon oh shit
okay i see i see a lot of stuff what the
fuck is going are we running where are
you running oh my god I'm valid one inc
guys on David guys don't leave me good
okay we are running from Douglas the
dragon that wants to but fuck us and I
do not want to get all my god here's the
strong the map here's Douglas Douglas
wife Degas know Degas leave me alone did
this okay okay okay I can do this I can
notice believe in me pumpkin slicers we
can do this he's behind me yes yes yes
yes ooh ooh lily pads go go dora go oh
shit Oh yep I'm gonna die I'm dead I saw
that I'm so dead oh my god why you
fucking no get out of my way what am i
doing what am I hmm run no no okay I'm
dead I
I died alrighty people are you ready for
round two of escaping Douglas the dragon
last time we did pretty good for our
first time um the map is the same so I
kind of know what I'm doing this time
but yeah are you guys ready or should go
go get out of my fucking way you idiots
I'm gonna win I'm gonna be the champion
yes yes okie state it steady do not
panic we do not want 20 another way down
there cut damn it I'm really bad at park
or if you have it oh my god he's coming
oh shit oh shit oh fuck okay run no not
gonna fail Douglas you're not gonna
butt-fuck me lily pads go like a pro
okay okay we're making progress people
okay I died here what am I supposed to
do here what what's even oh okay I did
it I did it okay guys guys don't worry
don't worry we're gonna do this we're
gonna do this just we just need to focus
focus focus okay pyramid go go what am I
going what what it's lava I'll shit with
my suppose oh no look why did i enter
here no I died alrighty people we are
back for round three and I went on
YouTube watch tutorial how to do this
which was filmed by a ten-year-old with
a potato camera but at least now I have
a basic understanding of what to do and
that is run away from the dragon and not
dying so yeah we're gonna win this time
yay I've learned so much okay okay this
is not the game for me this is oh my god
this is not the mini game for me nope
nope okay go go whoo okay okay a lot of
jumping involved a lot of jumping I do
not like this nope okay I'm just gonna
die I'm just gonna die this round I'm
gonna fail I'm gonna fail no Douglas
spare me I'm your lover Douglas I will I
will suck you off just you spare me
please I give the best beaches in the
world to spare me spare me Douglas or
shit oh I messed it up I mess it up okay
I'm dead I'm dead yep yep yep oh oh I'm
making it I making it okay the lava we
are all shit no you're not gonna catch
me Douglas run to the pyramid this shit
is intense where do I go do I go down
there okay I'm down here okay i'm
running Oh what what what what are you
what come on go go go jump like a
motherfucker jump like a mother fo sho
oh shit no oh shit is coming he's coming
and not in the sexual way people he is
coming to destroy me to murder me murder
Doug was dragon of debt iska oh my god
yep he's here hit what what I'm
panicking jump god damn it Miley I blame
it to you
you